Remove {i2extras} (#86)
epiverse-trace/tutorials-early: episodes/describe-cases.Rmd

base::plot(weekly_incidence_data) +
  ggplot2::labs(
    x = "Time (in weeks)",
    y = "weekly cases"
  ) +
  tracetheme::theme_trace()
``` 

## Curve of cumulative cases

The cumulative number of cases can calculated using `cumulate()` function from an `incidence2` object and visualize it, as in the below example.

```{r, message=FALSE, warning=FALSE}
cum_df <- incidence2::cumulate(dialy_incidence_data)
base::plot(cum_df) +
  ggplot2::labs(
    x = "Time (in days)",
    y = "weekly cases"
  ) +
  tracetheme::theme_trace()
```

> Note that this function preserve grouping, i.e., if the the `incidence2` object contains groups, then it will accumlate the cases accrodingly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this function preserves grouping, i.e., if the `incidence2` object contains groups, it will accumulate the cases accordingly. Give it a try with the `weekly_incidence_data` object!
```

##  Peak estimation

> One can estimate the peak --the time with highest number of recorded cases-- using `estimate_peak()` function from the {incidence2} package. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One can estimate the peak --the time with the highest number of recorded cases-- using the `estimate_peak()` function from the {incidence2} package. 
```

> This function employs a bootstrapping method to determine the peak time.

Reviewer: in further versions, we can add a callout explanation or simulation to understand the bootstrapping method.
